[Music]
hey there I'm taik kir America's healthy
lifestyle coach and I'm going to show
you how to do squats for beginners
squats are a great exercise to tone up
your lower body they're going to Target
your hips thighs and your glutes I'm
going to show you how you can do squats
with very basic
movements if this is your first time
doing a squat I want you to pull out a
chair or use a bench to help to assist
you with your moving movement you're
going to take your arms straight forward
feet shoulders width apart you're going
to push your hips back and slowly sit
into your chair press off the floor
standing up nice and Tall again drop
down Sit into the chair press off the
floor coming up nice and Tall going to
do 12 to 16 repetitions for maybe three
to four
sets after you become stronger and
you're able to do the squats without a
chair you want to start with the same
motion feet shoulders width apart arms
straight forward forward stomach is in
you want to drop down into the squat
making sure to push your butt back have
a slight arch in your back and come up
your goal is to try to get your thighs
parallel with the floor at the bottom
making sure that your knees do not go
forward of your
toes as you get stronger you're going to
develop lean tight tone lower body
you're going to thin out those thighs
tone up those hips and lift those glutes
[Music]
[Applause]